Add Exec small team to the Handbook (#4272)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/people/team-structure/exec/objectives.mdx

### Objective

Have clear company goals and be on track to achieving them.

* **Key Results:**

>   * Everyone in the company can tell us what their objectives and key results are.
>   * 80% of teams are on track to meet their goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Everyone in the company can tell us what the long term vision is and how their work fits into it
  * 80% of teams are on track to meet their goals.
```
